feat: new function `set_content_image()`, deprecate old `set_image_*` functions (#303)
rstudio/connectapi: NEWS.md

# Unreleased

## Breaking changes

- `set_image_path()`, `set_image_url()`, have been deprecated and will be
  removed in a future update. `set_image_webshot()` has been moved to the

>   Connect SDK Cookbook. They have been replaced by `set_content_image(content,
>   path)`, which works both with local file paths and remote URLs to images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Connect SDK Cookbook. They have been replaced by `set_thumbnail()`,
  which works both with local file paths and remote URLs to images.
```

# Unreleased

## Breaking changes

- `set_image_path()`, `set_image_url()`, and `set_image_webshot()` have been
  deprecated and will be removed in a future update. They have been replaced by
  `set_content_image(content, path)`, which works both with local file paths and

>   remote URLs to images.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth adding in here that `_webshot` is not being replaced, instead see the recipe at: ...

Author: Yeah, I'll update this PR when I have created a `connect` PR with the recipe URL, which I'll do before this merges.

Author: Hmm, if I link to the recipe, would this need to wait until Connect is released? 🤔
